chore: README adjustment (#54)
stackitcloud/stackit-sdk-python: README.md

## Contribute

### Installing in editable mode

> For developing is is recommended to install `poetry`.
> It can be installed with:
> ```bash
> pip install poetry
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For developing it is recommended to install `poetry`, which can be installed via:
```bash
pip install poetry
```
```

```bash
pip install -e services/redis
```
There are optional dev-dependencies that require `poetry`. Those can be installed with:
```bash
poetry install -C <path-to-the-service> --only dev --no-root

> ```

Reviewer: What would be an example of one of these dev dependencies?

Author: Everything related to testing and linting, e.g. `pytest`, `black`, etc.
